# Artificial Intelligence in Open Banking System

Machine learning for General Ledger provide a complete Data Science framework for Finance Data Analytics. OpenCBS Cloud is a flexible and scalable Core Banking System. Mifos-Mobile Android Application for MifosX. Mifos X Web App is the Web-UI component of Mifos X. It currently uses Apache Fineract as the backend. Frappe Lending is a comprehensive Loan Management System (LMS) designed to streamline and automate the entire loan lifecycle, from loan origination to closure. The Banking Industry Architecture Network (BIAN). CashMan H.A - Financial Banking System. Odoo addons for argentinian functionalities. AFIP-compliant electronic invoicing for ERPNext, with CAE, VAT, QR codes, and automated workflows. Open Source Billing. PyFinTS is a pure-python implementation of FinTS (formerly known as HBCI), a online-banking protocol. The Open Bank Project is an open source RESTful API platform for banks that supports Open Banking, XS2A, PSD2 and Open Finance through access to accounts, transactions, counterparties, payments, entitlements and metadata. Waltz is an open-source Enterprise Architecture platform that enables organizations to visualize and define their technology landscape. FDC3 is an open standard for applications on financial desktop to interoperate and exchange data with each other. Fluxnova is a flexible framework for workflow and process automation. Hibiscus is a free online banking application for Linux. FinRobot in an open-source AI agent platform for financial analysis using LLMs. PIXIU project is designed to support the development, fine-tuning, and evaluation of Large Language Models (LLMs) in the financial domain. Frappe Books is a modern accounting made simple. Bigcapital is financial accounting with intelligent reporting. The Hercules mainframe emulator. COBOL 4J is a COBOL compiler that translates COBOL programs to Java programs. CICS/COBOL implementation of Cash Account, for use in mainframe modernization "integrate with" scenarios

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

